README.md, before:

# AWS Claudia AWSBot
A Slack bot to stop and start selected AWS instances and generally keep
an eye on your AWS estate. The following commands are available:

    /awsbot help
    /awsbot show all
    /awsbot show running
    /awsbot show stopped
    /awsbot start instance_name
    /awsbot stop instance_name

Clearly, anyone with access to your Slack channel will be able to stop and
start your instances so use with caution.

The bot is written in Node.js and
runs in AWS Lambda via the API Gateway.
It is deployed  using Claudia.js - see
https://claudiajs.com/.

## Installation

Install Claudia.js with:

    npm install claudia -g

Then read https://claudiajs.com/tutorials/hello-world-chatbot.html.

Follow the tutorial and create a project folder
but use the following commands:

    npm init

Give your bot a name - e.g. awsbot - and description and put your email address
as author. Leave everything else as is. Then install the dependencies with:

    npm install claudia-bot-builder -S
    npm install promise-delay -S
    npm install aws-sdk -S

Put bot.js in the project folder.

Follow https://claudiajs.com/tutorials/installing.html to give Claudia.js
enough AWS access to deploy the Lambda function and API Gateway.

Deploy to AWS with the following command:

    claudia create --region eu-west-1 --api-module bot

Go to https://api.slack.com/ to configure a new integration
for your Slack team. Then run:

    claudia update --region eu-west-1 --api-module bot --timeout 120 --allow-recursion --configure-slack-slash-command

Finally, you need to add the 'AmazonEC2FullAccess' policy to the newly
created role ('awsbot-executor' if you use the naming above).

That's it, you're done.

If you modify the bot.js code, you can redeploy with:

    claudia update --region eu-west-1 --api-module bot

To delete everything, detach the 'AmazonEC2FullAccess' policy from the bot's
role and then try the following:

    claudia destroy
    rm claudia.json

However, sometimes this doesn't seem to work reliably. If so, manually delete
the stuff created under IAM Roles, Lambda functions and API Gateway.

Commit message:

Added note about editing stoppers and starters

README.md, after:

# AWS Claudia AWSBot
A Slack bot to stop and start selected AWS instances and generally keep
an eye on your AWS estate. The following commands are available:

    /awsbot help
    /awsbot show all
    /awsbot show running
    /awsbot show stopped
    /awsbot start instance_name
    /awsbot stop instance_name

Clearly, anyone with access to your Slack channel will be able to stop and
start your instances so use with caution.

The bot is written in Node.js and
runs in AWS Lambda via the API Gateway.
It is deployed  using Claudia.js - see
https://claudiajs.com/.

## Installation

Install Claudia.js with:

    npm install claudia -g

Then read https://claudiajs.com/tutorials/hello-world-chatbot.html.

Follow the tutorial and create a project folder
but use the following commands:

    npm init

Give your bot a name - e.g. awsbot - and description and put your email address
as author. Leave everything else as is. Then install the dependencies with:

    npm install claudia-bot-builder -S
    npm install promise-delay -S
    npm install aws-sdk -S

Put bot.js in the project folder.

Edit the two arrays (starters and stoppers) at the top of bot.js to configure
the names of any instances you want your Slack users to be able
to stop and start (the lists can be different).

Follow https://claudiajs.com/tutorials/installing.html to give Claudia.js
enough AWS access to deploy the Lambda function and API Gateway.

Then deploy your bot to AWS with the following command:

    claudia create --region eu-west-1 --api-module bot

Go to https://api.slack.com/ to configure a new integration
for your Slack team. Then run:

    claudia update --region eu-west-1 --api-module bot --timeout 120 --allow-recursion --configure-slack-slash-command

Finally, you need to add the 'AmazonEC2FullAccess' policy to the newly
created role ('awsbot-executor' if you use the naming above). DO NOT DO THIS
before running the 'claudia update' command above.

That's it, you're done.

If you modify the bot.js code, you can redeploy with:

    claudia update --region eu-west-1 --api-module bot

## Uninstallation

To delete everything, detach the 'AmazonEC2FullAccess' policy from the bot's
role and then try the following:

    claudia destroy
    rm claudia.json

However, sometimes this doesn't seem to work reliably. If so, manually delete
the stuff created under IAM Roles, Lambda functions and API Gateway.
